hi there we're back with another out of
box and this is on the Radiator Springs
racer and mechanic set and you can build
your own race car and it should look
like this but we're not sure so we just
have this one to compare we didn't build
this one we just bought it
it's diecast like this and we got it
from Sarge's surplus and cars land at
California winter and you cannot buy
these toys any place else they might
sell them on the Internet but I don't
think so because we have not seen them
anyplace else so now I'm going to open
it and we're gonna leave the camera on
why we put it together and we have that
right there once again the red one for
comparison
so we have to start with our chassis x'
right mm-hmm and then we have to put
this on there
I think we got a car together but this
was it smaller than my diecast one you
could buy Oh lots more but it's funner
to build it then just buy it and it this
is like about six seven dollars and this
is only nine dollars to build your own
so it's pretty fun so I would get this
one and start this one because you
couldn't do it however you want you
could do two seats in the front three in
the back three three or two two however
you want and you could pick your eyes
and everything so I think it's funner
and you don't want to lose your extra
parts because you always could change it
keep the box so keep your box so you can
remember how to and then just put your
extra parts back in here or you even
could cut this part off so you can know
how and just keep your parts in
something else so I'm putting my extra
parts back in here so I don't lose them
if I can find the right spots okay
tell them where we got it and where'd it
go and watch our video we got this from
cars lined out Sarge's surplus and go
there it's a California venture it's
really fun my favorite ride is this ride
and if you can't go there and you can't
see it then watch our videos cuz we
videotaped every ride and cars light and
get your 3d glasses cuz we even have it
in 3d of this one I think that's cool
thanks for watching and watch our other
videos
you